we play a very good basketball team that
dominated us in the second half of the
game today we came out at first
five or six minutes I thought we were
really active defensively and then they
were stout they're very efficient look
at the stat sheet four guys in double
figures that shoot 50% both halves
didn't turn the ball over I'm
disappointed in our sense of urgency at
some points during a game I'm
disappointed that we gave in and yet I'm
sitting here thinking you know it's
excuse we need some practice time I mean
the bottom line is but just admire what
Tony's team has done he does a great job
coaching them when those kids have
bought into it completely they share the
basketball they don't turn it over guys
make shots they take shots that they can
make that guards you like crazy it's
again a very good basketball team came
off a big loss and they were really in
they were really focused and just
totally outplayed us in the second half
for sure first half we still had some
things that we just could have been more
than one point we gave in a couple of
times and well you can't it's like guys
go in and lay the ball up and have a big
guy standing there looking at it we got
to get involved I cannot go back to this
thing I've got four big things I've
owned the board has been there for three
or four years at Vegas a most important
thing to me is have a sense of urgency
and I just thought Virginia's sense of
urgency was so much greater than ours
not a lot to say guys they kicked our
butts it would help us to get some
practice time and it helped us to get
some guys healthy Kennedy didn't have
much in the tank today he came in this
morning's temperatures 101 he didn't
even know until warmups whether or not
he was going to be able to start the
game or how much he'd be able to play
Nate got him removed from a possible
concussion list yesterday
Marcus sprained his ankle and you know I
can give you all those things but the
bottom line is North Carolina lost
Virginia that's the bottom line
I give you all kinds of reasons that we
have practiced and have been able to
practice but the bottom line is North
Carolina lost Virginia let's get
Virginia credit even at the end of the
game we're trying to press you we hadn't
been able to press I have wait moody a
guy that graduated last year is coming
in practice at Denzel Robbins and coach
Robbins son trying to be a fireman he
came to practice yesterday and practice
with us have Spencer Dalton the JV guy
came out practice with us and wasn't a
lot done because we couldn't do anything
but we're trying to press and we have
practice that in three weeks
that's bad coaching I don't have
anything else to say guys they kicked
our Erie intense about
they had two offensive rebounds four
baskets in that and I'm getting so sick
of that I mean you guys have said Ben or
some of you been writing her a long time
for 12 years 27 years as a head coach
I've talked about rebounding more
anything maybe it's because I wasn't a
great rebounder but we got to do a
better job of boxing out
two of those baskets for offensive
rebounds you got to be able to defensive
rebound you only give them one shot but
you know they made some good decisions I
think we had a turnover during that
search as well didn't have the best
spacing that we wanted to get so we
struggled offense ly they're good
defensively we need to post up a lot
lower we need to look at guys and get
him the ball in a post up area a lot
quicker didn't have very good timing
today we had ran one set play out of
bounds and Bryce was wide open but Nate
had already looked away because the
timing wasn't very good he was looking
at Marcus and Bryce is wide open under
the basket but again that thing she said
it was an I know stretch or some was
that what you said Steve yeah but two of
them are offensive rebounds which I
despise that more than I despise
anything about thirty minutes in between
classes well I screwed him up probably
too because he was hurt one time Sheila
taking him out I mean I said when I
finally realized what everybody was
saying I said yo and he said I'm fine
but you guys know a little bit of
basketball yourself if you were guarding
us who would you guard who would you
have a size guarding it's pretty damn
easy to figure it out and they're good
defensively we don't do a very good job
of helping him at times by getting
better space in her in somebody's core
inside or setting screen for so we got
to do a better job was there a common
thread tonight in the second half in
Saturday in the second half well I said
sense of urgency I mean they keep their
Aryans on the backboards again Saturday
for sure means 17 points on second shot
opportunity to the second half
they had those couple that were big ones
today I don't know what it ended up
points off offense rebounds we had
eleven had eight you know but we're
supposed to be my best rebounding team I
told you guys that earlier that I
thought we could be the best offensive
rebounding team I've ever coached and we
haven't done it yet we got to get more
rebounding from the perimeter JP's got
one rebound
we re bendable 3427 but we got to do a
better job of that ya know they could if
you're strong with the ball a
tough-minded you don't want to throw the
damn thing wait stick it under your
shirt and the referee at least calls a
five-second you get to set your defense
but there's no reason to turn the ball
over just because you giving in to the
pressure giving in to the aggressiveness
they do the better job of that then than
anybody and yet I believe we got some
good baskets out of it too
you know if you were to count them all
I'd say you know Kennedy had two assists
Bryce had one Jill had one and I think
every one of those assists we're on
double big on big but we had some
turnovers too you know again Kennedy
gave him fluids I think all day didn't
even come to pregame meal so it's a lot
to ask for him to be able to do but he's
our best passer so I felt like that he
would be able to handle it better
anybody else